What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	It creates the .git folder and sets up its initial contents ready to start
	tracking the version history of the repository. You need to do it so that
	the other git commands will be able to begin operating.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area has a transient state that is used as the intermediate
	stage of turning changes within the working directory into commit records
	in the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	You can add only the files relating to one logical change to the staging
	area, review the changes using diffs and then commit them.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	When you're developing a new feature or experimenting with something that
	is not part of the main development path of the project (at this stage)
	then branches would help by providing a separate line of version history
	that can be developed with more commits, but which allows easy switching
	back to the master branch as well as updates to the master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams let you map the history of commits that have been applied to each
	branch in the repository, seeing where branches have diverged and which
	changes have been applied along each path.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	The result is that all of the changes made in both branches are reflected
	at the merge commit, and all commits along both branches will be available
	in the history of the branch that was merged into.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Git's automatic merging allows different lines of work, whether by the same
	person or multiple people, to be combined whenever it's unambiguous how the
	content should be merged, which is efficient and promotes collaboration and
	experimentation. I'm not sure what the cons might be unless there are times
	when it can automatically make merges that will turn out to be problematic?
